yeah back in the gym with the Hawks 20
hey k teamed up AKA uh fuck no teeth and
Lord kevin AKA black avatar ok mr.
fellows and ministrations look at that
you get it would twenties one twenty
nice perfect for six reps yeah we cut
back on our sets today I back was
hurting uh lower back y'all know we got
something fucked up back yeah so we
couldn't do as many sets on dumbbells us
we usually do so we did more barbell
today yeah put it out anyway look at
thats good phone right now man your
phone's got locked up then we did some
up we did two sets of flat then two sets
of decline then two sets of declines
with 120 s now I know what it feels like
to have them the t-rex arms I'm little
t-rex arm dude get down and do a hundred
fucking reps with 315 yeah like di
decline dumbbells it's a smaller
movement yeah I can do this ship like
15-20 reps y'all on a decline but on the
flat projects am I going to jump try
imma try 130 zonies on the decline yeah
cuz you're strong your range of motion
is smaller yeah you know but uh cuz I'm
serious about my game decline is my
primary movement now for my chest yeah
never did him I know we've talked shit
about to sell boo Batman but my older
brother you talked us into it a lot of
people's been email us a man fucking
shut up bitches and fucking due to
movement you gonna make all kinds of
games so we did our four sets of Bob
Mayo today yeah both sets then go to
failure on neither neither of us sets
yeah and I'm making gains man this is as
strong as I've ever been there man going
if you go to failure then you planning
to fail you could go to failure but
don't go to failure every fucking set
man you tell it happen your fucking
muscles you zapping your services I'm
telling you Tony you can use but don't
use it every set yeah just like it's a
tool to do our drop sets just like it's
a tool to do I so Mexico's just like it
so much if anything is bad
no matter how good it is yeah so I know
we've been that dead horse but we try to
help you motherfuckers yeah better try
to help y'all get y'all some gains man
yeah I had to fix this man shut down
here was right between my nuts X when I
handed you to wait man you gotta make
sure this shit is all set for you go man
see there look at sea Sal my head it
feels better like that you see how my
head's not right up on your fucking nuts
yeah yeah I was getting all kinds of tea
bag action bitch even live and learn
live and learn if four sets I hate
pickles 8 to 12 reps you accept yeah
great movie keep a rise you gotta drop
at the bottom your chest bottom chests
and top abs yeah you're feeling better
yeah if you if you drop that bar middle
your chest pop gonna rip out all your
fucking chest it's too much of a stretch
there yeah then we I did two sets of
dips all right i'm not using any weight
anymore on dips that's just starting
snap up my fucking shoulders we up we
was using a 30 pound dumbbell we went
back to without a dump yeah we just
increased the reps we did two sets of 15
and then we jump down and did some
diamond pushups superset of them bitches
didn't know what a fake cuz oaks you
call it super sad super sad man super
sad man we combine more than one
exercise there's a drop set when you
start off with or listen to this listen
listen is what is it should need some oh
man yeah yeah dude listen to this shit
you need support
listen
hey
dude she crazy she crazy is all a bitch
listening dear they distracted man the
sun shining down on door chief Schultz
you praise Lord key phrase no gee that's
the God's shining down light on did we
did our three sets of these babies you
give me some more p catch I want that
bicep to peek over my shoulders yeah
it's more peek at your some mountain
tops I'm trying to give me some softball
actions in the biceps yeah I want to
give me some softball action yeah I used
to have hot dog links for bicep action
amo I'm gonna transform them into some
softball action yeah you know I'm saying
you don't want to go I to go just
softball biceps you don't want them long
hot dog biceps you want that so you want
some softball action you want that bicep
nice and round and heart yeah yeah what
the bitch is fully erect softball
actually some softball action man you
know I'm saying there's a great exercise
man I like the isolation move it man but
man you can't lick them little people
again look peek yes he coming in like
it's coming in look at look PK it's a
little peek action coming in man in some
pinks look at that yeah it's good man
it's real good man p catch some peak
action you could do these two arms at a
time by like the focus on each arm at a
time ya know I'm Sam yeah it all boils
down to personal preference own ease
cadet in a matter faster man look it dad
I'm staying lean and bulking man you
look at that look at that look at it
yeah no respect it oh this is just
advice soul is man walk can do ever the
fuck you wanna do
watch churches